Bob owns a car dealership in Framingham, Massachusetts, Bob's Acme of Framingham. Bob sells new cars manufactured by Acme as well as used cars acquired from buyer trade-ins and auction. 

Alice needs a new car. She currently owns free and clear of liens a 1999 Jalopy 2000. She wants a 2016 Acme Flash and has test driven them at several dealers. Alice visited Bob's website and found a large inventory Acme Flashes that she liked. 

Alice completed a credit applicaton through Bob's website. She received an email response shortly thereafter notifying that she had been approved for financing a Flash for up to 72 months at an intereest rate of 5.5% from one of the dealer's financing sources, a regional credit union, Charlie's Credit Union. 

[[Looking for a way to bring blockchain into this beyond just vaulting/storage, which is a small, but important step? Possibly the prom note is part of a blockchain-based payment system that sends notices to transfer to her checking account. Charlie offers an incentive to open a credit union checking account. In order to reduce her rate to 5.5%, Alice opens a checking account from which her payment is direct debited by Charlie][If you can do that, go right ahead.  If you want to try it, I'd suggest getting started in a file in the repo documenting anticipated inputs to the Solidity contract so you'll be ready to rock as soon as Jason (and Akshith) get the system rolling.  However, I'm not sure the complexity of auto-payments and enticement to open an account necessarily adds a lot to the power of a simple story about literally and coherently interlinking business, legal and technical facets of a coherent, singlular transaction.  It may also distract or obfuscate the main points.  To stay narrowly scoped on execution, management and enforcement of basic contract simplified and streamlined with Blockchain what if in addition to evidence of the terms you coded some Solidity logic to a) send a notice of imminent default upon non-payment event or perhaps b) triggered payment of liquidated damages covering direct repo costs from an escrow fund provided in return discount, or some other fact pattern illustrating beneficial BLT unification of facets?]]

On January 15, 2016, Alice drove her Jalopy to Bob's to buy a Flash. Bob's salesperson took her on a test drive of two Flashes.  While she was test driving, Bob's technicians evaluated the Jalopy for trade-in, giving it a value of $2,900.

Alice chose a 4-cylinder red Flash with a price of $32,000. She negotiated a price of $31,000, plus credit for her trade-in.

Bob presented Alice with a Retail Installment Contract for the purchase of the vehicle. The deal included the following terms: Purchase price, trade value, interest rate, 72 payment of $459.09 commencing on February 1, 2016. [NOTE: Would these terms would be relevant to the business, legal and/or technical stories we want to tell? Which and how? Especially interested in how you are thinking this (or any of the case pattern) would or would not relate to the as yet unwritten code we want to demo.  Can you revise the following linked code stub to show one or more approaches to possible demo code in a way you would feel confident can work quickly in the Eris system once Jason and others get it running - here: https://github.com/HumanDynamics/loan-hack/blob/master/solidity-mockup.txt so we can start to iterate and hone something good?  In particular, can you please show how you would write the code that only results in evidentiary proof of the terms and formation of enforceable contract and independently show how you would write the code that also relflects some more fancy factors or contingent actions in this repo so others can help refine and hone and test once we get the system running?)]

Alice signed the contract electronically. Bob explained that the dealership was using a new system for creating and storing contracts on a blockchain. Bob printed and gave her a paper copy of the deal. [[Dazza - do we want the dealer Bob to directly deploy to blockchain, or do we want Charlie to do it once they receive the document?][Not sure - let's play it out both ways and explore the consequences, dependencies and other implications.  In general, we should choose the most comprehensible, frequent and realistic scenarios probably in exactly that order of priority.]]

Alice drove the car and made her first payment in February. She made no more payments after February.

In March, Charlie's collection agent tried to reach Alice by phone, but her number was disconnected. Charlie referred Alice's account to a repossession agent, Frank's Towing and Recovery service. Frank repossessed the vehicle peaceably at Alice's workplace on April 1, 2016. [NOTE: As of this point, what are the rights and obligations of the parties and how do they change in ways that we want to bother getting into by adding the post repo sequence of events?][NOTE: This is answered below]

On April 1, 2016, Charlie accelerated the balance due on the loan, for a total of $31,617.62. Charlie sent a notice of repossession and right to redeem the vehicle upon payment of the accelerated balance. Alice did not respond.

The vehicle was sold at a large wholesale auction on May 15, 2016, for $22,550, and the proceeds, minus $250 auction costs, remitted to Charlie. Repossession fees were $300. 

Charlie sent a letter to Alice demanding payment on the outstanding deficiency balance of $9,167.62.   Alice did not respond to the letter. [NOTE: Would the date of this demand letter be good to include or is it more or less irrelevant for this pattern?]

Charlie referred Alice's file to Dewey, Charlie's lawyer. Dewey sent Alice a demand letter on July 1, 2016, containing all required consumer notices. Alice did not respond. Dewey filed a complaint against Alice on August 15, 2016, attaching the contract and a copy of the payment history to the complaint, along with an affidavit signed by Bob.  Alice hired a lawyer, Ellen, who answered the complaint on Alice's behalf. 

Alice's answer to the complaint denied the authenticity of the contract, denied that the electronic signature was hers, and denied contract and payment history as inadmissible hearsay.

See MA retail installment auto agreements: https://malegislature.gov/Laws/GeneralLaws/PartIII/TitleIV/Chapter255B; https://malegislature.gov/Laws/GeneralLaws/PartIII/TitleIV/Chapter255B/Section20B; MA Hearsay rules: https://www.law.cornell.edu/rules/fre/rule_803#rule_902_11.  [NOTE: The state commissioner of banks also charters/regulates state credit unions and was on my call-list for the automated credit union project.  I didn't realize the commissioner of banks also has regulatory power over installment contracts.  This combination of regulatory powers could could assist in identifying a relevant scope of research for potential collaboration with the state partners.]


[I'm confused about the purpose and functions of Billy and Charlie.  While Jason is cranking on getting the Eris system up and running, using the draft you left off with end of Tuesday we should:
1 Identify the B/L/T names of each existing Actor:
* Human/business names like Alice/Bob or buyer/seller, 
* Legal names like consumer/merchant or borrower/lender,  and 
* Technical names tracking to UML of what happened, like software/server/system and wallet/node/blockchain or whatever
2. Identify the important B/L/T names of each Action, Interaction or Transaction and
3. Map the roles/relationships to the key rights/responsibilities we seek to spotlight
Once we have a servicible whiteboard or markdown model of above we should consider how best to simplify and streamline the number and complexity of activities, behaviors and sequences of events happening with/by/topeople, processes and objects]

[NOTE: Billy was an accident, he's gone. Bob and Charlie must be separate actors if we want this to have a real world application. Almost all auto contracts are assigned to third party lenders for two reasons. First, no credit union is in the business of selling cars. Second, no dealers other than the worst bottom-feeders self-finance. Even Ford and GM dealers assign their contracts to third parties like Ford Motor Credit and Ally Financial]

[As a Socratic counter-factual, we should throw in a "what if" or two, just to keep the right angle engineers denialists of any ambiguity tethered to reality of creative common law causes sounding in equity... perhaps with a revelation that the VIN encoded on the Blockchain tended to support the non-paying buyer claim that the [Jalopy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decrepit_car#/media/File:Joshua_Tree_-_Love_car.jpg) was a lemon or the borrower signature on the loan was forged by the dealer.][Pulling some content from the commit extended description into the drafting note because there may be something useful in the musings, here: "This photo of a car that is a Jalopy but may not be the model/year expected is Creative Commons and made me chuckle: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decrepit_car#/media/File:Joshua_Tree_-_Love_car.jpg   Some "What If" thought experiements could be of value to fill out the major gaps in the main idea, so long as it does not risk confusing people. Perhaps after ensuring the intended conclusions are unmistakably unavoidable we could toss a "what if the facts were different in this one way" legal grenade.  Definitely not in the fashion of a "gotcha!" or "devil's advocate" blow hard lawyer but could a basic fraud factor be used show how sometimes the buyer is the problem and sometimes the seller is the problem and sometimes the lender is the problem and in all cases the Blockchain is flexible enough to be fit for purpose over time to avoid the traps all together.  If the car "as delivered" was a lemon or the dealer forged a signature we could, for instance, assert that the code could be configured to trigger an online mediator at a certain point who could ask some questions, get some evidence and quickly identify whether some crime, fraud or otherwise non-obvious hucksterism is in play."]
